Add cross-org visibility doc (#20647)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/org_settings/cross_org_visibility.md

---
title: Cross Organization Visibility
kind: documentation
private: true
is_beta: true
---

{{< callout url="#" header="false" btn_hidden="true">}}
  Cross-organization visibility is in <b>private beta</b> for customers with Enterprise plans. If you're interested in the feature, reach out to your Technical Account Manager or Customer Success Manager.
{{< /callout >}} 

## Overview

Some companies rely on multiple Datadog [organizations][1]  to isolate data for compliance or other reasons.

> Cross-organization visibility allows customers to share data between different organizations in the same account, and thus show insights from multiple organizations in one place. Cross-organization visibility works with the **Dashboard** and **Notebook** products.

Author: good catch! It's Cross-org. I'll update the title.

        }
    }
}
{{< /code-block >}}

#### Failure scenarios

- The connection already exists
- The connection refers to a destination organization ID outside of the account

### Delete a connection

Deletes a connection. Perform this operation either from the source organization or the destination organization. Reference the connection to delete with its ID, which you can get from the [List connections](#list-connections) request.

<span style="padding:3px" class="font-semibold text-api-delete bg-bg-api-delete">DELETE</span> https://{datadog_site}/api/v2/org_connections/{connection_id}?api_key={datadog_api_key}&application_key={datadog_application_key}

#### Failure scenarios

- The organization does not participate as a source or a destination to the connection
- The connection does not exist

## Create a widget with cross-organization data

Cross-organization [dashboard widgets][2] are available for Datadog organizations that exist as a _destination_ organization for at least one [connection](#configure-connections).

Each query in a widget can display data from a single organization. You can combine queries into a cross-organization formula query.

### In the UI

> Dashboard widgets allow you to create cross-organization queries when the following conditions are met:

Author: It includes Notebooks too. Thanks for catching this!

If the previous conditions are true, an organization drop-down selector appears between the drop-down menus for data type and metric name. Use the organization drop-down selector to chose a source organization for your query.

The following screenshot shows an example of a cross-organization formula query. The widget graphs the number of ingested events per service. To get the total number of events, the cross-organization formula query sums the data from organization A (in the query **a**) and organization B (in the query **b**).

{{< img src="account_management/org_settings/cross_org_visibility/cross_org_query.png" alt="Screenshot showing configuration of a Dashboard widget with a cross-organization query" >}}

### In the API

You can define cross-organization queries in the following endpoint:
- [Timeseries][8]

When you define dashboard widgets in the dashboard API, use the `cross_org_uuids` parameter in the JSON widget definition payload to identify the source organization in a cross-organization query.

The `cross_org_uuids` parameter is optional. If you omit `cross_org_uuids`, the query runs on the same organization in which you defined the widget.

> The [Datadog Terraform Provider][9] does not support cross-organization queries.

Reviewer: Depending on how popular this is, consider making this an alert and move to the top of the section?
```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">
The <a href="https://registry.terraform.io/providers/DataDog/datadog/latest/docs">Datadog Terraform Provider</a> does not support cross-organization queries.
</div>
```
